I tell everybody the story I don't shop
anywhere else for my clothes makeup
hosiery shoes clothing pocketbooks
everything comes from Nora
so I'm sitting in my office right after
the store opens and Eric Wilson comes
into my office pulls out a diamond out
of his pocket I was shopping Nordstrom
late in the evening and I had hurriedly
trying on a lot of clothes and made some
purchases headed down to accessories and
then out the door
when I got home and ready for bed I
noticed that my diamond for my wedding
ring was missing I'm doing my routine
I'm on the floor I see a lady on the on
the floor on her hands and knees and
she's in a dress so what I did was I
went over and offer some assistance see
if I can help her anything he could have
just as easily walked by but he looked
at me and he knew I was in distress he
handled it he couldn't find it after
searching for it so he touches base with
our building services team and two
individuals art Garcia and Tom Fraley
along with Eric go through vacuum
cleaner bag after vacuum cleaner bag for
this diamond Tom and I came up first
Tom grabs a vacuum cleaner and of course
we got the bag on there and took it
right out just like this mmm really
do is just open it up there was soon as
the light hit that time a so wise Martin
when you knew what was Eric called me
and he said mrs. Shaw I believe we have
something of yours and my heart just
left it was silence at first when we
first presented the diamond and then
afterwards at her eyes I saw tears sure
I have insurance it could have been
replaced but have my diamond back meant
the world it's very humbling to see how
much the small effort has meant to her
this really happened this is real this
is my diamond this wasn't fabricated oh
thank you mrs. Shaw for shopping at
Nordstrom this was I did this for you
because that's who I am as a Nordstrom
employee and I value you as a Nordstrom
customer and I'm going to go out of my
way
Nordstrom employees I don't care what
their job is they all make a difference
in the customer experience
I don't care if it's person that
polishes the railing or the loss
prevention person or the actual sales
person it's not just about the person
making a sale it's about
you know top to bottom it's everybody
I'm a Nordstrom customer because of
customer service it's solid I'm locked
in you're not going to lose me